
Part II: Identifying Your Client & Target Audience
Throughout the semester, you will be designing and constructing a website for an actual client using the materials and skills you learn in the course. The client could be a community based nonprofit organization, a business, a club, or a team, but it should NOT be a portfolio site for you! The goal is for you to work with a real client and build a high quality, usable and accessible website based on your client’s needs. 
Since you are building a website for an actual client, make sure you understand and abide by the following rules:
You are building a website for your client—not yourself! Your client’s website should meet their expectations. It is not meant to suit your preferences. 
This website will be published and represent an actual client. Make sure you take great care in your work and check frequently with your client to ensure the site is a favorable representation of their organization/business.
In this part of the assignment, you will begin by identifying your client and the types of users that  are expected to visit their website. 
Profile Of Your Client
Answer the following questions in your document:
Who is your client? Summarize what they do, who they serve, and why.
    - My client is an animal adoption center. They rescue dogs from the street
What is your client’s mission statement? What are your client’s goals in creating this website?
Does your client already have a website? If so, provide the URL link to it.

Profile Of Target Audience
Answer the following questions in your document:
Who is the primary audience that your client is trying to reach? Include the following details about your target audience:
Demographics
What is the age range of your target audience?
What is the gender distribution?
Which country do your visitors live in?
Do they live in urban or rural areas?
Socioeconomic Details
What is the average income of visitors?
What level of education do they have?
What is their marital or family status?
What is their occupation?
How many hours do they work per week?

Web Behavior
How often do they use the web?
What kind of device do they use to access the web?
